features:
1) in reports , when category is pressed : show all the transactions under this category by chosen date.
2) transactions have date and time not only date , so when it is listed by newest to oldest or the other way , it shows them 
   properly not only day based.
3) transfers: transfer from any accounts or savings or loans to any account or savings or loans
4) in savings and loans: be able to add any amount of money in any currency and will be automatically converted to the currency of the 
   saving or loan.
5) add a chart in the report section, and when i press on the chart , it shows each category reports.
6) add language support for multiple languages : english , arabic , french , russian , chinese ,spanish , hindi , portuguese 
  (OPTIONAL FOR VERSION 7 IF DONE dont do it unless told to)
7) be able to edit transactions , if i lowered the amount it was in, refund the amount to the account it was deduced from , if i highered the 
   transaction amount , it removes the rest from the account it was removed from initially also edit the note.
8) when pressing on a transaction in transaction section , be able to delete the transaction , and if deleted refund the amount or redeem it ,
   also be able to see the note written under the transaction.
9) when i add a loan , if i owe money  to someone , add the money to my total balance and the account it was added to , also if someones owes me
   money remove the amount they owe me from the account i gave money from.
10) most used currencys and categorys and accounts used while adding transaction , to always show first, also be able to search for category ,
    transaction and account , like a search bar

11) Dynamic Walkthrough for New Users: Implement a step-by-step interactive tour that introduces users to the main features and
    functionalities of the app upon their first login.
12) Navbar Active Page Indication
13) Logout Confirmation Message 

bug fixes:
1) deleting accounts is working only for 1 account and then stops working
2) when transfering money from an account in usd for example to an another account in LBP for example , it s removing 10$ for example from 
   the usd account , and sending the usd amount as LBP to the LBP account without converting the 10 $ to 900 000 lbp for example , it s sending it as 10 LBP .

recommended by google :
1)From Android 15, apps targeting SDK 35 will display edge-to-edge by default. Apps targeting SDK 35 should handle insets to make 
  sure that their app displays correctly on Android 15 and later. Investigate this issue and allow time to test edge-to-edge and make 
  the required updates. Alternatively, call enableEdgeToEdge() for Kotlin or EdgeToEdge.enable() for Java for backward compatibility.

2)Your app uses deprecated APIs or parameters for edge-to-edge
  One or more of the APIs you use or parameters that you set for edge-to-edge and window display have been deprecated in Android 15. 
  To fix this, migrate away from these APIs or parameters.
